Prepare for inital release. (#3)
memgraph/ai-toolkit: memgraph-toolbox/README.md

# Memgraph Toolbox

The **Memgraph Toolbox** is a collection of tools designed to interact with a
Memgraph database. These tools provide functionality for querying, analyzing,
and managing data within Memgraph, making it easier to work with graph data.

> They are made to be easily called from other framework implementations such as
> **MCP**, **Langchain** or **Lamaindex**.

Reviewer: + add links
```suggestion
They are made to be easily called from other frameworks such as
**MCP**, **LangChain** or **LlamaIndex**.
```

## Available Tools

Below is a list of tools included in the toolbox, along with their descriptions:

> 1. `ShowTriggersTool` - Shows trigger information from a Memgraph database.
> 2. `ShowStorageInfoTool` - Shows storage information from a Memgraph database.
> 3. `ShowSchemaInfoTool` - Shows schema information from a Memgraph database.
> 4. `PageRankTool` - Calculates PageRank on a graph in Memgraph.
> 5. `ShowIndexInfoTool` - Shows index information from a Memgraph database.
> 6. `CypherTool` - Executes arbitrary Cypher queries on a Memgraph database.
> 7. `ShowConstraintInfoTool` - Shows constraint information from a Memgraph database.
> 8. `ShowConfigTool` - Shows configuration information from a Memgraph database.
> 9. `BetweennessCentralityTool` - Calculates betweenness centrality for nodes in a graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `ShowTriggersTool` - Shows [trigger](https://memgraph.com/docs/fundamentals/triggers) information from a Memgraph database.
2. `ShowStorageInfoTool` - Shows storage information from a Memgraph database.
3. `ShowSchemaInfoTool` - Shows [schema](https://memgraph.com/docs/querying/schema) information from a Memgraph database.
4. `PageRankTool` - Calculates [PageRank](https://memgraph.com/docs/advanced-algorithms/available-algorithms/pagerank) on a graph in Memgraph.
5. `BetweennessCentralityTool` - Calculates [betweenness centrality](https://memgraph.com/docs/advanced-algorithms/available-algorithms/betweenness_centrality) for nodes in a graph.
6. `ShowIndexInfoTool` - Shows [index](https://memgraph.com/docs/fundamentals/indexes) information from a Memgraph database.
7. `CypherTool` - Executes arbitrary [Cypher queries](https://memgraph.com/docs/querying) on a Memgraph database.
8. `ShowConstraintInfoTool` - Shows [constraint](https://memgraph.com/docs/fundamentals/constraints) information from a Memgraph database.
9. `ShowConfigTool` - Shows [configuration](https://memgraph.com/docs/database-management/configuration) information from a Memgraph database.
```

## Usage

Each tool is implemented as a Python class inheriting from `BaseTool`. To use a
tool:

1. Instantiate the tool with a `Memgraph` database connection.
2. Call the `call` method with the required arguments.

Example:

```python
from memgraph_toolbox.tools.trigger import ShowTriggersTool
from memgraph_toolbox.api.memgraph import Memgraph

# Connect to Memgraph
db = Memgraph()

# Use the ShowTriggersTool
tool = ShowTriggersTool(db)
triggers = tool.call({})
print(triggers)
```

## Requirements

- Python 3.10+

> - Memgraph database
> - Memgraph Mage (for certain tools like `pagerank` and `run_betweenness_centrality`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Running [Memgraph instance](https://memgraph.com/docs/getting-started)
- Memgraph [MAGE library](https://memgraph.com/docs/advanced-algorithms/install-mage) (for certain tools like `pagerank` and `run_betweenness_centrality`)
```
